Install Windows From Ventoy (GNU GRUB Version 2.04)
If you have Windows files on an SSD/HDD that you are using to install Windows without a USB drive, and your PC supports UEFI, but you accidentally shut down your PC during the installation from the drive, and you don't have a USB drive but have a SIM card reader that supports memory cards, you can flash Ventoy using an Android phone to repair the installation.

You Must Have These Things to Repair in an Emergency:
1. Android Phone
2. SIM Card Adapter with SD card support and Wi-Fi support
3. SIM Card Adapter that supports only SIM card and SD card
4. OTG Cable
5. Ventoy APK
6. Extracted ISO files in SSD/HDD for Windows installation

Step-by-Step Process:

1. Install Ventoy on Android Phone:
- Install Ventoy on your Android phone by downloading the Ventoy APK.
- Open the Ventoy app and grant all permissions that the app asks for.

2. Insert SD Card in SIM Card Adapter with SD Card Support and Wi-Fi Support:
- Insert the SD card into the SIM card adapter with SD card support and Wi-Fi support.

3. Flash Ventoy with GPT and Secure Boot Enabled:
- Open the Ventoy APK on your Android phone.
- Flash Ventoy onto the SD card, ensuring that you choose the options for GPT partitioning and Secure Boot enabled.

4. Switch SD Card to SIM Card Adapter with Only SIM Card and SD Card Support:
- After flashing Ventoy, eject the SD card from the first adapter and insert it into the SIM card adapter that only supports SIM card and SD card.

5. Plug SIM Card Adapter into Laptop:
- Plug the SIM card adapter (with SD card) into your laptop.

6. Enter BIOS on Laptop:
- Turn on your laptop and keep pressing the BIOS key (usually F2, Del, or Esc, depending on your laptop).
- Once in the BIOS, press Esc and click "Yes" to exit BIOS.

7. GNU GRUB Version 2.04 Appears:
- After exiting the BIOS, you will see GNU GRUB version 2.04 screen on your laptop.

Use These Commands One by One, but First Understand:

At the GRUB prompt, you need to use the following commands to locate your Windows installation and boot it.

GRUB Commands:

1. Load the GPT partition module:
nsmod part_gpt

2. Load the chainloader module:
insmod chain

3. Set the root partition (This assumes your Windows installation is on the first GPT partition, you may need to adjust this):
set root=(hd0,gpt1)

4. Chainload the Windows bootloader:
chainloader /efi/boot/bootx64.efi

5. Boot into Windows:
boot

Before Using the Commands, You Should Find Your Drive:

1. List the drives to check available partitions:
ls

2. Check each partition (e.g., (hd0,gpt1), (hd0,gpt2), etc.) and confirm the location of your Windows installation:
ls (hd0,gpt1)
ls (hd0,gpt2)

3. Once you’ve identified the correct partition, use the `set root=(hd0,gpt1)` command for that partition, and then proceed with the chainloading command:
set root=(hd0,gpt1)
chainloader /efi/boot/bootx64.efi
boot

By following these steps, you should be able to boot into your Windows installation and resume or repair it without needing a USB drive.
